NEW Z-CYBIE 2003! Z.1 - Boot-O-matic Edition *

11 out of 10 i-Cybies agree, Z-Cybie is what most of you have wanted in I-Cybie...in a convenient downloadable format...and at the low low LOW price of just four easy payments of $0.00. 

Z-Cybie turns your I-Cybie 1.0 into I-Cybie Z.1, with new features, like NO PROGRAM LOCKUPS...and built-in recalibration! 

Now you can have a robot with a personality like an Aibo, for a fraction of the cost...just use with your downloader, and your I-Cybie is instantly uograded to the latest features and exciting reactive personality.


MAIN FEATURES & EXCESSIVE HYPE - (at no charge to you...no money down)

Exciting RSR-AI (Reactive System Response AI) lets Z-Cybie's personality come through.

Try petting I-Cybie, using the remote, and even familiar voice commands and you'll see a variety of reactions, all based on moods, the environment, and your interaction.

Z-Cybie may surprise you with many different built-in tricks and reactive responses.

Download today and try Z-Cybie, then use YICT to add new features, and share them with everyone here!

Z-Cybie, Gets Those Pesky 1.0 Stains Out For Good!


INSTALLATION - As Easy As 1...2...3

1 - WITH NO CARTRIDGE INSTALLED AND A FULLY CHARGED BATTERY:
    On the Remote press 10 + 9 + Large Circle + 7 + Large Circle to calibrate the legs

2 - Unplug the battery - Insert Z-Cybie Z.1 Selectboot Cartridge

3 - Plug in battery - Start normally.

    If installed correctly you'll notice a new startup sound. 


WHATS NEW IN Z.1 ???

Boot-O-matic - Thanks to Wade Tai's clever dual-boot additions to Aibopet's YICT personality, you can now start the built in personality, just by pressing a button when you turn on i-Cybie! No more swapping cartrdiges to recalibrate the legs, or keeping track of how many times you played with i-Cybie to avoid a startup-spasm, with Wade's excellent dualboot feature! 

You don't even need the remote, dual-boot is built right in, and so it a self-calibrate feature that avoids a nasty case of R.S.D. (Robotic Seizure Disorder)


HOW DO YOU START Z-CYBIE?

After following the 1-2-3 installaton steps, HOLD THE HEAD BUTTON to turn on Z-Cybie as you normally would. The robot's eyes turn green, or if already on...PRESS THE HEAD BUTTON AGAIN. 

This starts the Z-Cybie personality on the cartridge, with all the great Z-Cybie features that have been raved about in print, television, and by most theologians.* (* endorsments may not actually exist)


I WILL HEAL THEE - RECALIBRATION IS AT HAND!

Once in a while, you will want to recalibrate the leg joints to make sure Z-Cybie walks fluidly and stretches it's legs to get it ready for more fun. You'll want to do this about every 5-8 play sessions or when you notice Z-Cybie is not walking very well and it's motions are a little jerky.

Power up Z-Cybie...When the eyes turn green: 
Press the BACK BUTTON, then the HEAD BUTTON. 
i-Cybie starts the built in original i-Cybie personality, and then recalibrates all it's joints.


Press the small-circle on the remote to power-off after recalibration is complete. 
Start normally, pressing the head button to start Z-Cybie and your ready to play!

(Automatic-recalibration is disabled in this version, to prevent an error that caused i-Cybie to go into a seizure-event where the leg joints moved in a variety of positions, beyond the limits of the joints in a spastic action that caused a failure of the robots hardware and software to stop or control it's motions.)


BACK TO THE PAST - 1.0

Want to see just how different Z-Cybie is from the built-in personality? 
With the power off, turn Z-Cybie's power on, and when the eyes switch to green press the NOSE BUTTON, then the HEAD BUTTON.

You just sent your i-Cybie back in time to the stock i-Cybie personality built-in at the factory in 2001. 

Try it out and you will notice what's changed and what's new.

Press the small-circle to turn the power off, and start Z-Cybie again, by pressing JUST the head button after you turn the power back on to start the new Z-Cybie Z.1 personality.

Now play with your new Z-Cybie Z.1 and enjoy! -Z-


CUSTOMIZE! SHARE! CUSTOMIZE! SHARE!

I've intentionally created Z-Cybie WITHOUT added custom sounds, so YOU can create your own personality! 

Get together the sounds you want in your new personality, and follow the instructions for converting those to the right format. Start with Z-Cybie, so all the hard work is already done, and add your personality changes and features, like those found in Z-Scooby, Z-Pooh, etc.

The only requirement is that you SHARE that personality, right here in our forum, with all the other members, so they can ooooh, and ahhhhh your very cool work! 

Please create something cool, and share it today!


Z-Cybie is created by -Z- for the great members 
of: http://groups.i-Cybie.net

Z-Cybie and Z-Cybie Z.1 is made possible by the amazing programming efforts of:

http://aibohack.com/icybie/index.html - i-CybiePet's Incredible, yet Simple Yict personality tool

http://groups.msn.com/Humpy/ - Wade Tai's Great Dual-boot programming

and also created for all the UK friends and international fans at: http://groups.i-Cybie.net - UK Forum


This took lots of development and testing time, please don't post without these links or this notice!

Thanks and enjoy Z-Cybie Z.1 


:) -Z- 2003 - I-Cybie.net Robotics Group


* - Advertising Hype Included.
  - NiMh battery not included.
  - Actual results may vary.
  - Todays program was brought to you by the letter Z and a NiMh battery.